OMCONNECT-911: Create New Order doc etc. changes (#818)
magento/merchdocs: src/sales/orders.md

title: Orders
---

> The Orders workspace lists all current orders in descending order from latest purchase date. Each row in the grid represents an order, and each column represents an attribute, or data field. By default, orders display in descending order from latest to earliest purchase date.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Orders workspace lists all current orders, where each row in the grid represents an order, and each column represents an attribute, or data field. By default, orders are displayed in descending order from latest to earliest purchase date.
```

Use the standard [controls]({% link stores/admin-grid-controls.md %}) to sort and filter the list, find orders, and apply [actions]({% link stores/admin-actions-control.md %}) to selected orders. The tabs above the pagination controls can be used to filter the list, change the default view, change and rearrange columns, and export data.

> In the [Order workspace]({% link sales/orders-workspace.md %}) you can view existing orders and create new orders (you can also create new orders in the [Customer view]({% link customers/customer-account-create-order.md %})).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the [Order workspace]({% link sales/orders-workspace.md %}), you can view existing orders and create new orders. You can also create new orders from the [Customer view]({% link customers/customer-account-create-order.md %}).
```
